Kb/fixed ip (#1911)
vercel/docs: pages/knowledge/can-i-get-a-fixed-ip-address.mdx

import Layout from '~/components/layout/knowledge'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Can I get a fixed IP address for my deployments?',
  description: 'Information on fixed IP support on Vercel.',
  editUrl: 'pages/knowledge/can-i-get-a-fixed-ip-address.mdx',
  url: '/knowledge/can-i-get-a-fixed-ip-address',
  published: '2020-06-12T07:54:36.000Z',
  lastEdited: '2020-06-12T07:54:36.000Z'
}

> Since Vercel deployments use dynamic IP addresses to ensure maximum scalability across [multiple data centers and regions](/docs/v2/edge-network/regions#routing), **it is not possible to offer a fixed IP address**. The IP address used to resolve your deployment may change as your deployment scales or as it is requested from a different location over our [anycast edge network](/edge-network).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vercel deployments use dynamic IP addresses to ensure maximum scalability across [multiple data centers and regions](/docs/v2/edge-network/regions#routing). As a result of this, **it is not possible to offer a fixed IP address**.

The IP address used to resolve your deployment may change as your deployment scales or as it is requested from a different location over our [anycast edge network](/edge-network).
```

import Layout from '~/components/layout/knowledge'

export const meta = {

>   title: 'Can I get a fixed IP address for my deployments?',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: 'Can I Get a Fixed IP Address for My Vercel Deployments?',
```
